## 9780763617103-Owl Babies

---

Once there were three baby owls:
Sarch and Percy and Bill.
They lived in a hole in the trunk of a tree with their Owl Mother.
The hole had twigs and leaves and owl feathers in it.
It was their house.

曾經有三隻小貓頭鷹：
搜索和珀西和比爾。
他們和貓頭鷹媽媽一起住在樹樹幹上的一個洞裡。
洞裡有樹枝，樹葉和貓頭鷹的羽毛。
那是他們的房子。

---

One night they woke up and their Owl Mother was GONE.
"Where's Mommy?" asked Sarah.
"Oh my goodness!" said Percy.
"I want my mommy!" said Bill.

---

The baby owls thought (all owls think a lot)-
"I think she's gone hunting." said Sarah.
"To get us our food!" said Percy.
"I want my mommy!" said Bill.

---

But their Owl Mother didn't come.
The baby owls came out of their house, and they sat on the three and waited.

---

A big branch for Sarah, a small branch for Percy, and an old piece of ivy for Bill.
"She'll be back" asked Sarah.
"Back soon!" said Percy.
"I want my mommy!" said Bill.

---

It was dark in the woods and they had to be brave, for things moved all around them.
"She'll bring us mice and things that are nice." asked Sarah.
"I suppose so!" said Percy.
"I want my mommy!" said Bill.

---

They sat and they thought (all owls think a lot) -
"I think we should all sit on my branch." said Sarah.
And they did, all three together.

---

"Suppose she got lost" asked Sarah.
"Or a fox got her!" said Percy.
"I want my mommy!" said Bill.
And the baby owls closed their owl eyes and wished their Owl Mother would come.

---

AND SHE CAME.

---

Soft and silent, she wooped through the trees to Sarah and Percy and Bill.

---

"Mommy!" they cried, 
and they flapped and they danced, 
and they bounced up and down on their branch.

---

"WHAT'S ALL THE FUSS?" their Owl Mother asked.
"You knew I'd come back."
The baby owls thought (all owls think a lot) -
"I knew it," asked Sarah.
"And I knew it!" said Percy.
"I love my mommy!" said Bill.
